### What is this fork?

This is a fork of nanoant's update to the TextMate `LaTeX.tmbundle` (and I am Paul Hagstrom).  It includes a couple of small modifications to the syntax parser, and a couple of changes designed to handle the situation when a containing folder has a space in the name.

The parser additions are:
\posscitet, \pgcitet, etc. from the Semantics & Pragmatics stylesheet.
\mot, an idiosyncratic version of \emph that I use as a form of quoted text that should be italic.

The folders-with-spaces-related changes fix the command that jumps to the corresponding location in the PDF document, and the links generated in the status window when there is an error compiling.  As a result of making this work, I seem also to have fixed a more general problem with the log file parser, at least it works better for me now.

Also, because I sometimes have more than one .tex file in a directory, generating independent .pdf files, I changed "Clean and Typeset" to be less aggressive about what it removes (uses latexmk's "-c" option instead of "-CA") and added "Deep Clean and Typeset" to get the original (pdf-removing) behavior back.  I think latexmk tries not to remove unrelated pdfs, but I was still finding some of my TeX-generated but unrelated pdfs being removed with "-CA".

The rest of the readme is nanoant's:


### What is it?

This is yet another fork of *Alex Ross*' `LaTeX.tmbundle`. Alex did a great job simplifying typesetting process, however his work seems to be unfinished, moreover he has removed some original snippets that many of us were used to.

Too install it, remove *Alex* bundle and disable build-in *LaTeX* bundle and execute following in the console:

	$ cd ~/Library/Application Support/TextMate/Bundles
	$ git clone git://github.com/nanoant/LaTeX.tmbundle.git

### What are the key differences to original `LaTeX.tmbundle`

It does work only with *Skim* and *Preview.app*, since `texMate.py` is no longer used, this bundle assumes that we use either one of those two PDF viewers. This simplification makes builds much much faster (thanks to *Alex Ross*).

### What are the differences to Alex `LaTeX.tmbundle`

* Brings back original menu layout and *LaTeX* name instead of *LaTeX 2*
* Brings back old snippets, we don't need to remove them when adding new features, right?
* Fixes little annoyances, like log window remaining even we have no errors nor warnings.

### What can be done

We shall simplify all other commands and remove totally `texMate.py` and `check_open` from the bundle. Anyway is there anybody who isn't using *Skim* for Mac *LeX* work?
